You were on your way home one warm, humid night from the nearby convenience store when a deep fog suddenly envelops around you. Confused, you slowly try to make your way through. As you wave your arms aimlessly in front of you, a rather peculiar stone-like surface appears while the fog begins to dissipate.
With the fog cleared, you then realize you're in a totally unfamiliar setting: a medieval castle! Surrounded by knights and maidens, no less! By their manner of speech and dress, it dawns upon you that you've been transported to the middle ages! Find your way back home!
Recovering from your initial shock, you wonder what to do next... Seek the king of this castle immediately or approach one of the knights? What shall you do?
You hurriedly make your way towards the castle's throne room when you are abruptly halted by the guards. Your sudden appearance has put the castle folk ill at ease, and your intention to make your way towards the king directly has been cause enough for the guards to shackle you with impunity.
You calmly approach one of the knights and express your desire to return home. The humble knight, noticing your distress amidst strange circumstances, points you toward the court wizard and alerts the castle guards that you are not a threat to the king.
As you approach the court wizard's quarters, you hear frantic murmurs behind the door. You make out an old raspy voice going on about mispronounced incantations. You enter and introduce yourself and your plight. The wizard then offers you two choices: have him cast a spell or brew a potion to return you home.
You decide to have the wizard cast a spell on you. He nods and pulls a scroll from his shelf. As he begins his incantation, you sense something rather familiar: a fog is forming around you! You close your eyes as it fully envelops you. After much anticipation, you slowly open your eyes to your utmost shock: dinosaurs as far as the eye can see! You've been sent back even further in time!
You decide to have the wizard brew a potion for you. He nods and hastily moves to his table full of arcane ingredients. He then turns to you and pulls a strand of hair from your head, adding it to the mix he's begun to concoct in his cauldron. After much stirring, the wizard pours a generous amount of the potion into a flask and gives it a good shaking before splashing it onto you.
Caught off guard, you try to make sense of things when you notice the potion splattered on you quickly forming into steam. Your vision then gets all hazy and, hardly a moment later, you black out... After regaining consciousness, you look around and see that you are no longer in the court wizard's quarters but right outside the store you were previously at. You made it back home!
